h1. PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin



h2. info

PyLucid plugin for student registration.

This plugin is not generalized and many parts are in german!



h2. Project homepage

http://github.com/jedie/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin



h2. install plugin

Quick how to install the plugin into pylucid:

pre. ~$ mkdir pylucid_plugins
~$ cd pylucid_plugins
~/pylucid_plugins$ git clone git://github.com/jedie/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin.git
~/pylucid_plugins$ ln -s ~/pylucid_plugins/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin/kurs_anmeldung ~/PyLucid_env/src/pylucid/pylucid_project/external_plugins/

If you don't have git, but subversion, you can checkout with this command:

pre. ~/pylucid_plugins$ svn checkout http://svn.github.com/jedie/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin.git



h2. use in PyLucid

Add DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL in your settings.

Create a "kurs_anmeldung" PluginPage under:

 * PyLucid admin menu / create content /  new plugin page
 
select App label: "external_plugins.kurs_anmeldung"

put this into your local_settings.py:

pre. # import the 'Foo' app settings
from kurs_anmeldung import kurs_anmeldung_settings as KURS_ANMELDUNG
# example overwrite settings:
KURS_ANMELDUNG.FOO = 20
KURS_ANMELDUNG.BAR = True

Available settings, look in: /kurs_anmeldung/kurs_anmeldung_settings.py

Create new course under:

 * Django admin site / Kurs_Anmeldung / Kurse / Add

The Plugin used preferences, too. Edit them here:

 * Django admin site / Dbpreferences / Preferences / kurs_anmeldung / edit preferences

(Note: The preferences would be created after the first request!)



h2. update

How to update the plugin, do this:

pre. ~$ cd pylucid_plugins/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin
~/pylucid_plugins/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin$ chmod +x update.sh
~/pylucid_plugins/PyLucid-KursAnmeldung-plugin$ ./update.sh

the update script runs "git pull origin master" or "svn update"